Hey, go back to the Shen family's old house tomorrow night
If I reply
And you know what?
I'll tell him about the engagement tomorrow
Don't forget what Miss Ye promised me
Uncle, don't worry.
I already told my dad about that land
As for the price, you don't have to worry.
Take it as a thank you gift from our Ye family to uncle
Ahahaha
Still really sensible?
But uncle
Are you sure my sister will agree?
You know his temper
I am afraid that the time will come.
Shen Xiujin, no matter how cold-blooded or powerful he is
It's just a dog I tied to him
Even if he doesn't care about money and profits
He also has to care about his mother's life.
You mean oops?
I'm holding his mother in the book.
New Year's Eve
As long as we have this law
Even if you make him kneel down and shine his shoes now
He didn't dare to say a word more